[Music]
all right do you think there could exist
a shark scarier than the Megalodon well
you click this video didn't you so let's
grab some Chum Chum and let's go find us
some really big sharks well the oceans
cover more than 70% of our planet's
surface people have explored only 5% of
the ocean floor so it's no wonder that
the incredible depths hide some pretty
terrifying secrets for example there's
the black demon a legendary shark said
to equal the prehistoric Megalodon its
size yeah before you find out if your
worst nightmare has come true hit the
subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us well it sounds
unbelievable but people have explored
huge areas of Mars more extensively than
they've mapped the ocean floor more men
have set foot on the moon than have
reached the bottom of the deepest point
of the world ocean the Mariana Trench
people lack knowledge about what to
expect from the endless expanses of
water that cover our planet thus it's
hardly a surprise
that numerous legends and tales of
monsters lurking in remote corners of
the ocean pop up one such fearsome
creature is the Black Diamond according
to the legend this is a huge shark that
resembles the infamous megladon now
Megalodon was a prehistoric predator
that appeared 23 million years ago and
died out just 2.6 million years ago hmm
missed it by that much it was a truly
massive creature it could grow to 60
feet which is longer than a school bus
and its weight could be more than 70
tons which equals the weight of ten
elephants
Wow 10 elephants in the school bus and
then a shark eats it
oops I digress the size of this giant
sharks teeth was also really impressive
they grew no less than seven inches long
the diet of the Beast included not only
turtles and fish but also different
species of whales and no wonder
according to scientist estimates the
bite force of the giant shark was twenty
four thousand to forty thousand pounds
if this was the case a single Megalodon
could probably have crushed a small car
if he had lived about 2.6 million years
longer on top of that if scientists are
right then the huge prehistoric shark
had the strongest bite of all animals
including the t-rex the bite force of
this guy was a mere eight thousand
pounds would Oh was in any case the
Megalodon shark became extinct several
million years ago or so it was believed
until the legend of the black demon came
to light this terrifying creature was
first noticed not far from Mexico's Baja
coast in the gulf of california people
started to report a huge black shark
whose size could be compared with that
of the Megalodon it resembled the great
white shark but for its massive tail and
dark coloring the creature got its
nickname el demonio negra which is
Spanish for the black demon this shark
treats humans extremely aggressively
according to several reports the
creature systematically attacks boats in
2008 fisherman Erik Mack stated that a
huge black shark rocked his boat he also
mentioned that the shark had large sharp
teeth and a huge tail that stuck out of
the water for no less than five feet
the animal looked like a great white but
was much more massive over the years
other local fishermen have also reported
sightings of the mysterious creature
speaking of a massive shadow sailing
under the water some of them also
mention hearing a loud roar
in addition numerous remains of dead
whales
have been found in the waters of the
Pacific Ocean all over the supposed area
of the black demons habitat the whale
seemed to have been attacked by a giant
beast such claims made researchers
investigate appearances of the black
demon many scientists from all over the
world join the search even Monster quest
a History Channel TV show started an
investigation to figure out what the
heck was the animal that people kept
seeing in 2012 a real great white shark
was caught in the Sea of Cortez it was
more than 20 feet long and weighed a
whopping 2,000 pounds
however it was white and didn't resemble
the shark described in the legend
sometime to think that if the black
demon really exists it's probably an
oversized great white that suffers from
melanism that's a condition where skin
that is supposed to be light produces a
dark colored pigment in short melanism
is the opposite of albinism other
researchers hope that the mysterious
animal might be a new species of shark
that evolved from the Megalodon
naturally there are also skeptics who
are sure that the black demon is a whale
shark first of all being the most
massive shark out there today the whale
shark is much larger than the great
white secondly these sharks have dark
coloring which could explain the unusual
skin color of the black demon
on the other hand the whale shark is
slow filter-feeding and absolutely not
aggressive by no means would it attack
fishermen's boats despite all efforts
the mysterious shark is yet to be found
and its nature is yet to be discovered
there's no real proof of its existence
except for the testimonies of
eyewitnesses at the same time nobody can
claim that the creature doesn't exist
even if it hasn't been found as you
already know 95% of the world ocean
remains a mystery to humankind and we
know very little about the terrifying
creatures inhabiting its depths now in
those depths live the most bizarre
animals ever known ghost sharks demon
cat sharks deep-sea dogfish some of them
look like characters from a low-budget
horror film
for example dogfish have unnervingly
large eyes skin the resembles sandpaper
and rows and rows of extra sharp teeth
adding to this creepiness some ghastly
parasitic barnacles often attach on to
dogfish and gorge on their flesh yuck
the unearthly appearance of ghost sharks
will be unnerving to any unsuspecting
viewer their heads evoke associations
with badly done patchwork their teeth
resemble those of rodents and their
bizarre slime ridden bodies have
probably inspired more than one horror
movie scriptwriter these creatures range
from the long nosed spook fish with a
maximum length of four and a half feet
the pale ghost sharks with skin so
fragile
it can be easily damaged after you get
to know about all these creepy
underwater inhabitants it no longer
seems so unrealistic that the black
demon may be waiting for its next prey
right at this moment somewhere deep in
the ocean
you're gonna stay out of the water on
the beach now aren't you yeah me too now
do you believe that a shark like this
can exist today tell us your opinion in
the comments below remember to give us a
thumbs up share this video with your
friends and subscribe to this channel to
join us on the bright side of life